Add create_type helper function (#884)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: minor

> Add function `create_type` to create a Strawberry type from a list of fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds a function called `create_type` to create a Strawberry type from a list of fields.
```
